---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2003-07-13 23:13:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: '612'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 232
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
---

got back yesterday from DCLA 2003.. whooo what an experience =D i'm gonna jot down really cryptic three word phrases that summarize my experience there. you, dear reader, will probably have zero clue as to what i'm talking about. but that's allright, just think of it as poetry! here we go, please welcome the **_gsgnine Three Word Poetry Experience(tm)_**:




ride with wes  
equals close death  
scary girl stories  
channing is strange  
knew that already  
whatta great guy  
three miles (per) day  
equals dead feet  
equals messed sandals  
equals whiny andrew  
not getting mugged  
learning to love  
love the homeless  
michelle's sunburn pains  
100 degree heat  
i love AC  
aw stop sunflowering!  
david crowder band  
rocked the house  
anime style stories  
hip hop john  
loved the format  
old sac town  
monster ice cream  
free stuff? WHERE?!  
buffet style pizza  
buffet sized regrets  
moshing to tobymac  
feelin the beats  
lil iROCC bustin  
relientK kinda disappointing  
lab leader nathan  
nathan's really wise  
nathan's too quiet!!  
(what? say again?!)  
meeting CCIC NV  
subs at blimpies  
lil jon chan  
equals awesome kid  
kent's amazing story  
heart for the homeless  
joe + me running  
in the heat  
by the river  
we're dead thirsty  
wes' two showers  
five second rule  
dinner at denny's  
man i'm gassed  
warren's engineering insight  
last night = powerful  
don't know why  
God cleanse me  
God restore us  
rise up church  
asian people = hawaiian?!  
crazy slick videos  
sharing three stories  
harder than (it) sounds!  
"jesus (is) my homeboy"  
plus one = DIFFERENT! =O  
grits is loud  
feeling souljahz beats  
dead camera batteries  
gourmet ramen noodles  
espn every night  
God kills mood swings  
i appreciate that  
prayerwalking on (a) whim  
mind went blank  
stupid blog entries  
only three words  
who thoughta that?  
more to come...




anyways i'm gone to YWAM LA/mexico for a wonderful 10 day stay... i'm seriously looking forward to it, but not to ED (a wonderful fellow named Exposure to Diarrhea).. so please be praying for my group that we especially have a heart of compassion and a burden for the people we'll be working with. thanks and i'll see yall in a few weeks =D




**_a few coconuts short of a fruit smoothie (but still hanging in there)_**  
-andrew
