---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2003-04-06 06:14:28+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: the-call
title: the call
wordpress_id: 191
categories:
- High School
---

powerful. that's all i can describe it as.

friday night some of the agape guys (daniel lin, tam do), daniel lui's friend steven and me slept over at daniel's house.. maybe it should be a half-sleepover cuz we were up by 4:30AM ready to hit the road.

so i followed daniel's van to Candlestick Park.. punk rawkin all the way up. got there bright and early at 6-ish. even then there were lines of people going halfway around the stadium. haha it was like a big reunion.. saw people i havent seen for years.. people from yg, people from school, everybody  8)

by 7AM (the opening time) we're finally let in on the field.. people are already flooding the front next to the erected stage. (on a completely separate note, you definitely knew you were in candlestick park, san francisco cuz you were shivering like crazy). met up with christine su and jon liao and kind of burrowed our way up front along with the rest of daniel lui's SJCAC youth group.

jason upton opened up with worship.. and once it got started you knew this day was gonna be different. through all the mass prayer and worship and messages today.. we were praying, we were interceding for the lost, for the needy, for the broken and for the hurt. there was a time of reconciliation between races.. asians, african americans, latinos, whites.. it didnt matter what you were but that you were in the same body of people. seriously.. i had complete strangers behind me but there was just this sense of a family bond that made us feel comfortable praying for each other, with each other.

there was a time of reconciliation within the generations.. children to the parents and the parents to the children. and when the tears started to flow, it broke my heart when i really began to realize what hurt and pain and what suppressed emotions broken families bring.

the presence of God was there today.. and it was so heavy and thick and so real. you could see it not only in the faces of the youth, desperate and screaming for God in their campuses and churches and grabbing for any little scrap of His presence. not only in the intensity of their prayers of a generation that's trying to right itself in the name of something that's real. not only in the tens of thousands there in the stadium hollering and dancing and laughing like crazy. but it was something you felt when you walked in.. something in your heart told you that _God is here._ and that was something that i'm not gonna forget.

gahahaha it was fun though.. we were next to this group of latino/african americans who were so pumped up.. hahaha had a good time moshing with them. we just kind of stared at each other when they got goin.. and we were all "aw why not?" aaaah God is good..  woorrrd :cheesy:

i hate calling this an event.. because God was there today and he's starting something here in the Bay. what this was was a calling to the Christians in the Bay.. a call to wake us up out of our apathy and our hypocrisy and to say "hey look, God's moving. you coming or not?"

"did you know what you felt today? what you felt today was joy.."
