---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2003-07-28 13:13:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: '615'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 238
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
---

i'm going to try to recap mexico as best as i can remember.. and as best as i can read from my scribbled journal. i'm sorry but i'm gonna go into hyperdetail in the rest of this entry.. just feel free to skim through it. well here we go, **Andrew's Wonderfully Wonderful Trip to Mexico And He Didn't Even Get Diarrhea.**




**monday**: we meet up at SV and head out for a six hour trip in a six van caravan. yes folks, that's six hours of pastor thomas' crazy antics behind the wheel and more 80s songs than i could stand.. but hey it could've been worse - we had AC. the poor mazda MPV behind us didn't (sorry guys). anyways about 29 of us from the CCIC team are here (we've combined the san jose and south valley churches) combined with about 7 other churches here at the Youth With a Mission (YWAM) base in LA.. that's about 120 people total here. what's awesome is that there's groups from all over the place.. chicago, connecticut, canada.. california (i see a pattern here). MVCCC (mtn view chinese christian) is here too so there were quite a few familiar faces (lian, fish, josh wang, etc) =D




it is **HOT** here.. i'd say in the 90s to the low 100s '=( yeah not only that but it is humid beyond belief.. stand outside for more than 30 seconds and you've got a sheen of sweat on ya. well i guess bringing the sleeping bag was a little redundant =D




Randy, our speaker this week is just a plain funny guy with a heart for God.. he told us some pretty amazing stories of normal people doing amazing things when they just plug into God's will. man.. God's amazing me with the way He speaks and responds to people who desire it and who listen.. if i could only have that.




**tuesday**: when i slept last night i kept feeling the sheet stick to me and it was one of the few times that i could just feel my SKIN aaaaahh! yeah i lay in bed for a good hour (cuz we can't shower until a certain time in the morning) and goodness.. that was probably the longest hour in my life. but sallgood.. i've committed to quit whining. told God last night i was gonna give up these next 9 days to Him.. no matter how miserable i was, no matter how unclean i was. God just teach me how to endure hardships like you did.. but i still know nothing in comparison to what You went through..




so it turns out that i'm working with junny, miyako, patricia, thomas and edward in the drama "liquid". it's a skit set to the jars of clay song "liquid" (no surprise there =D). it was a lot of fun learning it with the other two groups (one from chicago/chi-CAH-GAH, other from texas) and it's been really rewarding.




worship here is rockin' and it sounds great! that can also be a negative thing cuz i find myself sometimes getting pulled out of worship and turning it into a concert. its really cool cuz the SV guys are really into it and its awesome to be worshipping next to em.




tonight was pretty powerful.. Randy talked about roadblocks and obstacles that keep us from God.. a lot of em really convicted me with my pride and other personal issues that i'd been struggling with. there was something called the "passion play" after that.. a dramatic reenactment of Jesus' death on the cross. but there was something more powerful than that.. cuz nailed on the cross next to Jesus was every single messed up thing i did and every messed up part of me that ever was. yeah it drove the point home how much God loved me and all my screwed upped-ness enough to die for the stupid things that i've done.




**wednesday:** i'm just totally struck by the friendliness and the enthusiasm of the people here.. staff workers and the other youth groups as well. everybody's so pumped for God and flashing smiles and welcomes to other people. honestly if i could imagine what heaven looked and felt like, this would be pretty close (minus the heat, bugs and the gassiness)




tonight we had a time just to wait on God and let him speak to us.. i dunno why but every time i've tried to sit still and listen to God i've come away frustrated. i walked outside desperate to hear God's voice and pleaded "why don't You speak?"  
and suddenly i became so convicted.. God told me "you havent given something up to me.. you're not ready to give me your future." gosh.. i hadnt even realized it.. i couldn't bear to give up my future. my dreams of going to college, of making $$, of living a comfortable life. i was afraid of God "wasting me" as stupid as it sounds.. i thought i knew what was best for my life. i'd tell God "i love You and i'll do anything... as long as it means I go to collge.. as long as it means i have job security.. as long as it means i have $$." not that those things are wrong in themselves, but i selfishly kept them to myself instead of trusting God to provide. i lied to you, God.




Moses (he's an awesome staff counselor) came over to me and prayed with me and seeing his story about beeing a druggie with nothing and transforming to a man of God really moved me. shoot if God can change a man so down in life with nothing left... what can He do with me? its kind of exciting and scary at the same time. i'm afraid of being uncomfortable. that's it, plain and simple. but God softened (and he's still softening) my heart and i'm really beginning to open up my heart and learn how to sacrifice.




Peter Fong said that the way you know you've met God is that he'll give you images or words that are totally random and that you never would've thought about by yourself. man i'm going to have to try it out for myself. i've got a lot to learn.




**thursday**: i don't think i'm gonna forget the look on Mercedes' face when i played w/ her.. that sheer excitement that flashed across her face as she chased Thomas and me across the playground (we screamed like little schoolgirls =D). i'm not gonna forget Abner's self-defeating statement "i'm no good at sports" and watching his face light up when i told him otherwise after playing vball with him. big smiles..ear to ear. the ministry outreach at hient beyond what i had expected.. way beyond my puny dreams. 




we went to a small park tonight in a predominantly Armenian neighborhood to do a warmup practice for our creative arts presentations. it was so hard for me to believe we were beginning to actually do ministry work.. scary and exciting at the same time. three words i've gotta learn: get over yourself!




i gave my testimony and honestly i didnt know what to say.. so i went up there and went in every which way. but i guess the holy spirit stepped up to the plate and pinch-hit for me.. i looked into the eyes of the people there and i just felt the holy spirit telling me to talk about something else. i dunno.. that was pretty cool seeing God at work real-time.




talking and playing and praying with the kids afterwards was so much fun.. from playing tag to wallball with bossy girls wow.. we were on fire! it was seriously a beautiful sight. honestly i don't know if there's any place i'd rather be.




had an awesome time of sharing tonight and it's cool to see God working in the team. off to mexico tomorrow.. should be a pretty long day =)




-- and that's all i'm going to post for now cuz i'm pooped.. more of these long memoirs at a later time. take care all!



