---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2003-11-30 00:26:14+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: end
title: //end
wordpress_id: 284
categories:
- High School
---

just got back from my church's winter retreat. it was definitely different this year cuz it was held in the SF Sheraton instead of Redwood Christian Park like it's always been.. so going in I wasn't keeping expectations very high. and i suppose it didn't meet all my expectations, but it broke so many others along the way. like it was tough to find quiet time for myself to spend to myself, but on the other hand getting to know the 7th and 8th grade guys was pretty cool too. dave huynh is straight up funny, and his messages blessed us like crazy. i think the biggest thing i got from this was learning how to worship - ferreals. worshipping, just you and God and nothing else. cuz so many times i'll be dependent on other people (like whether they're enjoying the worship) to determine whether i am too. i keep telling people that there's a freedom in worship, but i've gotta free myself during worship too. and sorry if this confused people, at least i think it makes sense to me.

i've made a decision: i will bring socal slang to the norcal masses, perhaps to prep myself for a possible socal education. so from now on, i will bring the blessings of "grippa" to the world. (i.e. i've got a **grippa** homework tonight, there's a **grip **of policemen at my door, et cetera)

anyways, i got home this afternoon and my mom encouraged me to get a haircut. i think what she forgot to add was an "or else". (or else i'll have to shave it off for you, or else i'll kick you out of the house, et cetera)

my uc app was submitted in a hotel room two days ago. submitting it wasn't as freeing as i had hoped it was. i have a sneaking suspicion that my essays are crap. you know, cuz the college counselors have never read them. priscilla li, on the other hand, gets mad props from me cuz she has the guts to show it to everyone she meets to get tips and tricks. smart girl, she is. heck, she's free now from Appdom. lucky  :)

my MIT rep returned my phone call! woohoo! too bad i wasn't there to catch it. i'm gonna call him back tomorrow to schedule an interview. i suppose i'm not stressing too much over it.. i mean what can i do besides be myself? kind of looking forward to it too. should be fun! (howard would be proud  :) )

went to the tutc followup bbq dinner tonight where we just discussed ways the improve the rally. after three plates or so, it became apparent that as great the korean bbq meat was and everything, we would have enough for dinner, breakfast, lunch, and then another dinner. jason ended up taking a doggy bag.. a really big bag. stayed behind afterwards for an hour or so and just chatted a bit with some of the other leaders. i enjoyed it =)

anyways i've gotta get to sleep. now that all this stuff is out of the way i've got more coming in: the vertigo and link crew websites need updating, there's a praise night to plan for and a christian club meeting tomorrow.

God, if it werent for you, i'd be drowning.
take care all,
-andrew
