---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2003-08-18 22:05:48+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: refresh
title: (re)fresh
wordpress_id: 251
categories:
- High School
---

back from retreat and i'm trying hard not to get back into the flow of things.. i can remember so many times coming back and promising myself that things are going to be different only to fall on my face.

only difference is that this time i'm running back into those arms of love.. the same arms that are outstretched toward me.

personally i found retreat this year more of a time for me to fellowship with the guys more.. i'm starting to see God working more in us and starting to mature us.

barry, our speaker was talking about listening and obeying God's call.. and suddenly in my head i was reliving my experience in mexico where i wrestled with the question: **"are you willing to give your all to me?"** it's so painfully hard to relinquish control of your own life, and it's only until now that i'm starting to believe that i can.

i guess God revealed to me that sometimes i talk with an air of superiority.. as if i knew any better than anybody else about anything. i forget how inadequate i am and brag about how little i do know. if i've ever cut you down that way.. or made you feel inferior then i totally apologize.. dah i'm so immature still but God's still working in me. please forgive me.

link crew is tomorrow and my partner **michelle lin** and i havent met yet.. yeah this is gonna be slightly tough. you know how you dress up the frosh in costumes on the campus tour? well let's just say that **mr. white **shot down the diaper idea (wasn't my idea, i swear). our frosh seem pretty cool (over the phone, that is). but i predict that tomorrow will take a lot of last minute practicing and "winging it".

i missed band camp today.. i heard that a flute girl **fainted** in playing rehearsal today! yoww that must've been the highlight of the day  8O  yeah and you thought there wasnt any action in band. i'm only a little doubtful about my ability to move cuz about **all ninety-and-a-half **of my back muscles are cramped, sore, or just really beat up. i chalk that up to sleeping on thin mattresses for the past three nights.. and the **"bedroom brawl"** that one night versus the junior highers (but that's another story).

i'm gone to practice piano, or the teacher will eat me tomorrow.
