---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-07-18 00:29:12+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: abcdefg
title: abcdefg
wordpress_id: 415
categories:
- High School
---

abcdefg. call extreme day two was pretty cool. overall i ended up making six round trips (that's 100+ miles overall) from home to DYC, but it was worth it =) i think the biggest thing i got out of this was learning of our need for brokenness (for change to happen, we need to know how to be genuinely and deeply broken) and realizing and understanding the power of prayer in taking back ground in the spiritual realm. i know it sounds kinda weird, but talk to me and i'll try to explain it.

caught up with daniel lui while he was there and was amazed by how much he's grown and matured and at the same time how much he hasn't (ahem, the shaggy mullet). it's always so encouraging to talk to him.

and andy kim -- he's worked his butt off and submitted so much of himself to God in mountain view's 201 ministry and call events, he's so blessed. crazy how i met him like only three months ago. dawg he is so earnest and passionate and straight up Godly.

kind of sad how some of the most awesome people you meet are the ones you'll know the shortest. i was at dave huynh's retreat with the Vietnamese Alliance Church and Jamie Pak was helping out too. hung out a lot with him, man that kid is crazy on the drums. haven't even known him for half a year tops but i know God's got blessing and big things in store for him.

okay so anyways yesterday was spent at the Embassy Suites up in Burlingame and so Dave sent out an email last week asking for some people to help lead worship for his retreat. so i went up to see what it was all about not really knowing what to expect. i met some of the most friendly, sociable, earnest and plain incredible people i've encountered in awhile. i don't know what's wrong with me... God totally destroyed my stereotype of the Vietnamese Gangster (dood i'm so messed up, i would think they were all gangster and would never talk to someone like me until i met some guys at the group that looked kinda intimidating but were plain cool). forgive me God for judging.. that's so messed up. but it's all good in God's hood, and so it was (all good). had so much fun with them as we did some street outreach and hanging out. you never believe you're "backwards" or "racist" till you get confronted with it and it's proven wrong.

worship was led by a vietnamese pianist, a korean drummer and three chinese guitar/bassists. i like that diversity going on (okay, we're missing quite a few races) but it was cool. morning set was pretty off, but evening gelled well. i think i'm finally learning to let go of the performance aspect of worship and the ego high that comes with it. God i need it like SURGICALLY REMOVED from me. tear it out, rip it out, it stinks.

my hope is (that even if it's just for a day) that somehow i was able to help encourage someone, just anyone, in that youth group. if that happened, then it was worth it.

okay this post is going nowhere. long story short, this has been a long weekend, it's been full of service and full of sacrifice but it's been packed with so much learning and new experiences. don't regret it a bit. gfedcba.
