---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-12-06 22:33:58+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: schemer
title: Schemer!
wordpress_id: 490
categories:
- Geek
- High School
tags:
- my-life-as-a-rapper
---

mm. so bloated. just fyi.

gEECS have finished recording their first single today and we are on our way to dropping a hot CS rap flow on yall. during finals week. so we have a good excuse not to do work.

those monster energy drinks are like 16 fluid ounces of legalized drugs. i'm serious.

The full-length MP3 can be downloaded here:
[http://webdisk.berkeley.edu/~resonant/archives/Schemer.mp3](http://webdisk.berkeley.edu/~resonant/archives/Schemer.mp3)
Hit it! 3:10 minutes of mediocre rapping!

"What, what. It's the hot track hitting radio stations across the country. It's the combined talents of three stay-at-home forty-something programmers living the fast-paced and dangerous lifestyle of SCHEME as they cruise the ghettos of their local electronics stores. Gangsters in the computer lab? That's absolutely correct."

**g.E.E.C.S. - Schemer**

(ring tone)

(CLICK, answering machine)
hey this is irwin i can't come to the phone right now but if you leave a message i'll be sure to get right back atcha.

(BEEP)

(GENTLE yet FIRM yet DISTRESSED FEMALE VOICE over GENTLE GUITAR)
irwin it's 3AM and i called you twice already. where are you baby? i caught you creepin' back from the computer lab last week, you better not be out with HER again.

(DISEMBODIED LOW VOICE that sighs a lot)
baby, sometimes a man got two loves in his life and he gotta choose. you
gotta understand,

i'm a schemer.

(DROP THE HOT BEAT INTRO)

(RYCE RYDER)
yo every time i try to get some scheme respect
i get knocked on my head with the cy d fect
i got a seventeen hundred on my SATs
now imma blaze the computers you can't stop me

(MC EVAL)
(yo) i got my homes to get me in up on a hookup
then imma bash you in like my grades up on glookup
i represent N-town up on the chilly bay
all my nerds in the house lift your hands and saaaayyyy

(CHORUS over a HIGH DISEMBODIED VOICE)
cuz i'm a schemer, not a squeamer
imma cash all my stocks and drive a bimmer
with cash money, ice, rocks and STK
hey mom can i get a ride to compUSA?

(RYCE RYDER)
i code secret messages on the enigma reflector
imma mess you all up with my pocket protector
i be high confidence up on the PRS
all yall other fools just sit around and guess

(MC EVAL)
(check it) rollin up on dubz up to the -- soda
so i can hit up my crew and play some -- doda
they tell me on the newsgroup i'm a major league whiner
dont matter, i got my hookup with mah man g. krimer (that's right)

(CHORUS)
cuz we're schemers, yall just dreamers
gonna bling our laptops and break our femurs
all yo code got some unbound variables
yall fear us like we're coding something terrible

(HIGH DISEMBODIED VOICE that sounds female but actually isn't)
Schemmeerrrr.....

(OUTRO with GENTLE GUITAR, letting us know the world is a safer place with SCHEMERS around)
twang twang twang twang...
