---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-08-07 21:11:45+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: type-a
title: type A
wordpress_id: 425
categories:
- High School
---

i need to force myself to step down from leadership, cuz lately i'm having trouble giving responsibility to the next generation. i'm having trouble giving up that role, be it a worship leader or small group leader or section leader or whatever leader -- by staying too involved when i should be moving on ends up hurting the new leaders in the long run. i don't know why i do it either, maybe because i feel like i want to help out more, or maybe that i alone know how things truly run or maybe because i just feel like i can do things better. your time is over, kid, step down and let the next generation step up. i've found that i'm such a control freak sometimes and that scares me. it's time to give that up and move on.

i got lost for an hour in east san jose today, not only was it frustrating but the drivers over there are ruder and drive faster. altogether quite scary.

i'm sure there's a real term for this, but have you ever had something which i call "**eBay regret**" which is when you're in the heat of bidding for something and then the moment you click the "submit bid" button -- you regret paying (or the prospect of paying) that price? thank goodness i lost that auction or else now i'd be owning an overpriced junk computer accompanied by a boatload of guilt. and stay away from eBay, it'll eat up your life.

**korey lee** had to be rushed back from Manila missions with IV Global Urban Trek early last week and is currently hospitalized in critical condition . it's bacterial meningitis, which gives him a very good chance of death. pray for him, please.
