---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-02-04 21:08:42+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: soup
title: soup
wordpress_id: 326
categories:
- High School
---

on the entries in which i have no real point to make, i'm going to call them "soup". cuz they're a whole bunch of things thrown into the mind.

the front tire treads are wearing out.. i guess it's almost time to rotate the tires. but it's really weird cuz i've only gone about a total of 9000 or so miles on those babies. which probably means i got cheapo tires, which i did.

i remember when i wanted to rice up my car so bad.. you know what i'm talking about. the rims, the exhaust, the body kit, the tinted windows, the 500000 watt stereo system, the cupholders, et cetera. well i got the system and the rims and thought.. eh.. i think that'll be enough. i'm broke and hey, i'm gonna be heading off to college soon anyways :)

speaking of which, i got the letter of the nice variety from USC the other day.. its such a good feeling knowing that if i get rejected out of every other four year university, i can always accept the offer and make my parents broke  :idea:

elsewhere in the universe, i'm thinking it's been such a good thing that i've dropped the de anza course. can't explain it, but i think the things i did instead really made better use of my time. that, and calculus is just too painful.

**deepthought:** christina dhillard asked me today in vertigo whether it would be too weird to give a guy a valentine on youknowwhat-day. "he's shy," she said, "and i really want to talk to him." "do you want a relationship?" i asked. "no, well, i don't know.. i just want to see where it goes," she says. "what would a guy think if he gets a valentine?" "i'm sorry, i havent gotten one since sixth grade =) i dont think you're asking the right person, christina" i replied, belching, mindlessly scratching my back and picking my nose at the same time and resumed my slaving at the computer.

my relationship with You is not based on rules and regulations. it's not complicated; You asked one thing, to simply love you, and the rest would fall into place. well i forgot the 'love' part and got caught up in the rest. still working on it...

and the final ingredient of the soup: we watched animals performing bowel movements today in bio, in full-frame Technicolor glory. it was the highlight of my day, even week, quite possibly.
