---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-03-16 22:48:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: '632'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 350
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
---

**jack lei's link: [ESPN Writer's Bloc](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=bloc/040316)  
HOW DO YOU IMPROVE UPON PERFECTION?**




Yes, the NCAA Tournament might be the single greatest "event" in all of sports -- and, even if it's not, it certainly belongs in the argument. But the Writers' Bloc, as a group, has never been known to take "yes" for an answer.


How do you make "the greatest" even greater? Here are a few suggestions. 








**Robert Lipsyte:**


To give those Cinderellas more of a chance at the dance, how about awarding them points they can add to their score one time on any game in the tournament. (They have to declare intent before the start.)


1 point if no member of the team drives an Escalade.


2 points if no member of the team has ever served time for rape.


3 points if no member of the team drives a Hummer.


4 points if no member of the team has ever been convicted of rape.


5 points if no illegal drugs are dispensed by a certified weight coach.


6 points if the team has never disappointed the spread.


7 points if the coach makes less than the university president.


8 points if the school doesn't pour Coke or Pepsi.


9 points if the school doesn't dress Nike, Reebok or Adidas.


10 points if no member of the team has ever been arrested for rape.








**Eric Adelson:**


Bring back the original version of "One Shining Moment."














**Tom Friend:**


Let everybody in, for free, to first-round games. Because, usually, there's no ambiance! A team like Maryland just played three heart-throbbing games at the sold-out ACC tournament. But when they play UTEP Thursday in Denver -- at 10:40 a.m. local time! -- in front of 350 people ... they're gonna think it's a CYO game.


**Chuck Hirshberg:**


Pop quizzes.


At random intervals in each game, the referee should call time and summon the leading scorer from each team to center court. Both players should then be asked a simple geometry question -- nothing to trip them up, just a little demonstration of the value of a college education in this, the wealthiest, most powerful civilization in history.


For instance:


"The radius of this jump circle is two feet, 7 inches. What is its circumference?"


In the unlikely event that a player should be found unable to solve such a simple problem, he would, of course, be removed from the game. What's more, his team would have to forfeit all the points he'd scored. But I'm sure that would never happen, because I cannot remember ever hearing a coach at the Big Dance admit that his program could stand even the slightest improvement in academics.


In the same spirit, the possession arrow should be eliminated. Whenever there's a tie-up, a blackboard should be wheeled onto the court and an algebra problem chalked onto it. The player who solves the problem fastest gets the ball. In the unthinkable event that neither player is able to solve it, the game must be immediately cancelled and everybody has to go back to class, including the fans. That way, young people won't get the mistaken idea that our nation values festivals of sport and wagering more than education.


**Tim Keown:**


The Color-Commentator Shock Collar.


It zaps the speaker every time he blindly attributes a player's achievement -- shot, pass, rebound, defensive play -- to the coach's genius.


**Ralph Wiley:**


I'd like to share the patent on this one with Tim. We can call it the "Ke-Wil-Der-Ring Device." Or, not.


Another idea would be to send Billy Packer backward in time, back into an episode of "The Twilight Zone," or ESPN's "Timeless," where Billy, magically and somewhat luckily, hits two jump shots against St. Joe's to send Wake Forest to the Final Four, where Billy then gets the crap kicked out of him, time after time, every single semifinal game, one after another after another, by Earl Monroe, of crosstown Winston-Salem State, and coach Bighouse Gaines. How do we get Billy to go for it? We lock him in a closet and pretend.


**Patrick Hruby:**


Ban Duke. Seriously.
