---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-11-25 02:33:36+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: _scenes
title: _Scenes
wordpress_id: 483
categories:
- High School
---

**the school scene:** school's been painfully awesome. i've already divulged enough dirty details.

**the roommate scene:** thanks to anson, i have heard perhaps every single cantonese pop song in existence. maybe more. no thanks to anson, i am now hopelessly distracted in looking over his shoulder watching various cantonese soap opera dramas including one about a women's swim team, a public school system and this crazy one which i dont really know the plot but it involves rich feuding families and a love triangle (maybe even a square).

**the floor scene:** i feel bad because i've been off studying or doing IV stuff so much that I dont hang with them so much anymore. dang, living in dorms is a once-in-a-lifetime experience, i can't let it go to waste.

**the girl scene:** i wish i knew what i was feeling right now. my problem is that having sworn off girls for so long has left me unsure how to approach certain relationships. okay, part of the reason is that my relationship experience with girls is virtually nil. strike that, that's probably all of the problem. which is actually kind of cool now; it sure saves me a lot of trouble, heartbreak and money. especially the money.

i'm torn between the part of me who wants so badly to fall in love and the part of me with the better judgement that says to wait. stop trying to push certain relationships; get out of your daydreams. quit watching sappy things because you've fallen in love with the idea of love. try too hard to look for it and you won't find anything. better let God send her your way. which nicely leads into...

**the God scene:** I have a control problem. I can't surrender my career, my love life or my future, at least not fully, at this point. God's been tugging at my heart lately saying _Give them to me and I'll take care of them. Might not be what you had in mind, but it'll be the best thing I've got planned for you."_

**the home scene:** these past couple of days have been so good to me. coming home, walking back into the house of hardwood floors and home cooking brought back memories of a time that seems so long ago. man, coming home was better than i had envisioned it. sounds pretty sappy coming from a guy who's only been away a little over a month at a school across the Bay, but I seriously missed this. my sisters, my mom dad and the extended family. home meals, old friends, just chilling and the such.
