---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-03-18 02:58:26+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: your-feet
title: '@ your feet'
wordpress_id: 351
categories:
- High School
---

i worry way too much. :constipated: t'aint right. these last few months have seen so many events (be it youth group or christian club or whatever) that i've been given responsibility over, and sometimes i can't help but worry. what if nobody comes, are we doing the right thing, has the word gotten out, what if people just aren't interested?

i've had that problem since third grade. don't ask how, but i used to lie awake, tossing and turning at night because i was just so _worried_. i don't know what in the world could have been so worrisome, but all i remember is staring at the ceiling all night. that much i can remember. and those problems seemed to be so big.

i think part of it results from my perfectionist personality. peter, my youth pastor, has been pointing this out to me for years.

i'm going to keep this short and sweet. God's asking me to trust Him. funny how it's taken me so long to realize this, but while i've been doing my frantic running back and forth, He's been whispering in my ear the whole time. _relax, i've got it under control. all i want is you to sit with me in my presence._ totally like the mary/martha story.. i'm just gonna sit at Your feet and spend some time with You. Control Freak Andrew, go home   ;)

tomorrow's the track meet at Paly and i'm either really excited or really nervous. i've been getting my strength back through (more careful) training and i'm hoping for some good news in the mile. 5:15 please? that's not too much to ask  8O  rubber track goodness, let's hope that i don't get lost at Paly like the other three times =)

--------------------------------on a random note
my cell phone makes my speakers go fuzzy. therefore i must keep my phone 10 feet away from my computer at all times. does anybody else have this problem? and is it going to piss off my roommate in college?
