---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-04-18 21:34:17+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: yad-lac
title: yad lac
wordpress_id: 368
categories:
- High School
---

this entry would be classified as stream of consciousness, if my brain were that of a three year old epileptic child (which it is)

took BART at 6AM
why are there so many asians here??
oh right, cal sweaters
i see: diana lee and her family; clarion
50 minutes later out at downtown berk station
(faster than i thought)
uphill walking.. this could be tougher than i thought
orientation at haas pavilion
being a little intimidated at the sproul plaza booths.. just slightly
i see: audrey megan yvonne angela (they wanna see dorms)
cal band looks cool, but i dont know if i'll have that time
i see: blaine, laurence
jameson, alex too
and beatrice (and her sister beth!)
uphill walk to cory hall to meet up with glen
cory (EE) hall tour.. my gosh this looks like a high school locker room
first impressions: this place is kind of drab
pink hallways get me in touch with my feminine side
i see: deepa, charles, jon (from 5hoc)
soda (CS) hall tour: a whole hecka lot newer; hence nicer
L&S; CS: what i shoulda taken? broader GE, more room for design, creativity. hm.
we hit up the foothill dorms. hecka nice, beautiful landscaping.
free food mmm
(i don't know.. too quiet/isolated from the rest of the campus?)
1 computing center per dorm.. sweet!
okay back to campus to check out the RSF.
i see: benjy, diana lin
d.o.r.k.s. united and soy milk.
pretty cool exercise area, workout rooms, etc.
this place is definitely new
eat on telegraph? naw no time.
glen sees: people from his school/church
i see: edith han and her friend
we see: steve yang (who joins us)
head over to engineering BBQ, grab a burger and soda
can't find the auditorium!
i see: alvin
we find the auditorium (yeah, shoulda seen the front door)
slightly intimidating lecture
EECS major looks pretty tough
nice profs it seems though
yep, i can feel the sheer brainpower in this room
i see: alex choy
student panel at the end: hm this actually changed my perspective
EECS is manageable, not impossible (but a real tough time drain)
question to myself: do i have the passion for this field?
advice given: break out from old friends to make new friends.
advice given: keep your courses broad; don't zero in on engineering at first
advice given: find time for social life (yeah right!)
hmm.. seems like the unit housing is pretty cool still
emile gives alex and me a tour of his dorm
flat screen LCDs everywhere.. wow i guess desk space is super limited
laundry room tour. very nice. i need to figure these babies out soon.
long walk to BART station
dang.. missed the train. wait another 20 minutes.
interesting characters, berkeley has
rest those tired feet.. how they throb
i probably drooled all over myself on the trip back. the guy in front of me probably got weirded out.
i see: hayden and roger at the fremont BART. i guess they were on my train
hayden follows me home on the highway.
---------------------
hm overall cal day was positive

lilesprit9: you know why
lilesprit9: cause they CLEANED UP

hahahah berkeley's starting to grow on me. gonna visit again next week to find out what it's REALLY like :-)
