---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2004-04-18 21:32:25+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: it-will-be
title: it will be
wordpress_id: 367
categories:
- High School
---

**this entry is not written in defeat, but in desperation.**

GOD i'm at a crossroads right now. and honestly i'm at loss where to go. i've got half the puzzle and the rest of the pieces don't fit together at all.. what do i do?

like a restlessness that creeps up on you when you don't realize it and puts your muscles in that tingly state of suspension, i've been feeling that lately.

i thought i was gonna hit the bigtime when i grew up. those were sixth-grade dreams. big job, big house, big money. i knew i was smart. i knew i had talents. and i thought those were gonna get me to the bigtime.

you took that and spun it on its head. you gave me these talents and you said, _use them for me. i've got bigger plans for you._

i'm still struggling with the fact that my life will not involve big money, fame, or success by the world's standards. i know, it's been confirmed to me. and when it was, my grandiose dreams turned into a whisper. blew to dust.

but you know what? you replaced those tattered dreams with a heart for you. and where i was scared to death about the future four years ago i've got a strange sense of peace now.

_your life? use it for me._

but how? God, i'm lost. Dad, i'm lost. you hold the keys to my future, i'm just asking for a little direction right now.

what about now? what major am i supposed to take? what people am i supposed to associate with? i feel so strongly that i've been called to work as a part of a bigger plan and a bigger movement, but i've only got a couple of wisps and hints to grab at.

_your future? i've got it, just listen._

and then that song comes to mind:

so close i believe
you're holding me now
in your hands i belong
you'll never let me go

ten years, twenty or maybe fifty years down the road i think i'll know. and by then i'll see the process that i was in that brought together this woven tapestry. and it will be beautiful.

-------------------------------------------------
ARISE
God, mobilize your church.
stir up a passion in our hearts for Your name
i feel so restless, and at the same time so defeated by the apathy i see
if You're moving, then move us with you too.
we don't wanna be left out.. send us, Lord
RESTLESS YOUTH. AFTER YOUR HEART.
