---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2005-11-10 01:30:19+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: scales
title: scales
wordpress_id: 582
categories:
- High School
- Sensations
tags:
- God
---

A Letter:

God, I want the real thing. Don't let me settle for anything less.

I want to be around the crazy ones, whose hearts' eyes fill to the brim with hopeLoveFaith and they see that ambition fulfilled before their lives are over.

They are like Kerouac's mad ones; mad to live, mad to burn, mad to throw themselves recklessly on something REAL. They don't settle for less.

God, I want to know faith when life crumbles. I want to know mercy when I am the least. I want to understand and somehow wrap my puny mind around a crumb of your grace.

I want more than religion. I want more than Sunday services and Monday hypocrisy. I know there's more than an industry of Jesus rock songs or power chords in the key of E.

I want--SO MUCH--to believe you're the one who provides for me. I want to get over my past feelings of hurt and bitterness towards you and the way you may (or may not) have met my expectations on my terms, I really do. Help me with my unbelief.

I feel like there is a vision I've lost--somewhere years ago it was in my possession. Vision, passion, purpose. Not that I don't have it now, but I remember it so much _clearer_ then.

There is something real in here, I've been shown that so much recently...

-----------------------------------------------
**Woes of a CSS Designer**
Ach, IE5/6+, you're killin' me.
Holly hack,
Bang!

**Some interesting Musical Mashups I'd Like to Hear**:
Wolfgang Amadeus '(e)minem
Death Cab for Dizzy (Gillespie)
