---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2006-02-19 23:52:26+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: pieces
title: ..pieces
wordpress_id: 609
categories:
- High School
---

"And what are you scared of?"

"I'm afraid of being spread so thin nothing I do has purpose and meaning anymore."


-------------------------------------------------------
**Another piece**
5: i would love ppl to call me out in love
5: i guess the things that stop me are like thinking it's futile
5: cuz a lot of ppl take it the wrong way
5: like you are trying to pick on them
Gsgnine: werd.

**And the original one**
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
I'm so freakin bad at saying NO.
Hello, committments up the butt.
Burnout city, here we commmmmmmmmmmme.

**/an edit of an /edit**
I apologize for the despair and gloom expressed previously. It's still true though. Regardless, everything I do just spreads me thinner and thinner (I have a savage to-do list and a clogged inbox). I can't juggle all these committments at once. And I can't just turn them down because...why? ARRRR. JESUS I NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER, NOT BECAUSE YOU ARE A CRUTCH OR A HELPER BUT BECAUSE YOU ARE THE SOURCE OF LIFE AND THE ORIGINAL THING I NEEDED. MY SELF WORTH IS NOT FOUND IN YOUR LOVE FOR ME AND I'M PAYING THE FREAKIN TERRIBLE PRICE. And forgive me for being a teenage drama queen.

**But one more piece, found this evening**
Upstairs, thunderous roars carry over pained sobs downstairs
I couldn't bear to take it all in, the union of the divine and the wounded (they sound vaguely similar). And in between earth and sky, I stared at a cherry-cobble lamp and took it in. I listened.
_Come and listen / Come to the waters they draw you / Who are thirsty_.

**It's eaten up too many man hours but**
Shoot, I'm a bona-fide web developer now! Haha, my first [AJAX-lite application](http://www.unityinchrist.org/furnace/) (Thanks, [Prototype](http://prototype.conio.net). Thanks, [Scriptaculous](http://script.aculo.us)).
