---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2006-03-18 03:22:36+00:00
layout: post
published: false
slug: catch-22
title: Catch-22
wordpress_id: 616
categories:
- High School
---

I'm getting freakin emo, you just watch what I type in this post. It's gonna be dripping with it.

For once, just once, I wish I could have a messy, soiled, dirty past instead of the G-rated one I carry with me. I wish I didn't have this Perfect Christian(tm) persona... I hate hate hate how it shuts people up from me, how it almost isolates me from friends who feel like they can't show their messy sides to me. I hate this gulf, how I wish I could say "I've been there" or "I've gotten through it" but instead all I have are meaningless words (or awkward silences & pauses).

It's never supposed to be like this. Like Jesus, how he walked with the penny whores, the sleazeball tax collectors, the modern day losers and loners and nobodies. He held out Life and people flocked, I say, they RAN to him. They knew He had life. They didn't say, oh, I'm too ashamed to go to him. They fought each other, kneed and elbowed their way in crowds just to get a chance to speak to him.

I think more than ever it's just this Christian Persona(tm) that is disgusting me. Specifically, I'm talking about the pride and the highfalutin' language and pompous behavior that VERY SUBTLY sneak into the mind and actions. And especially how I was so blind to it, especially in high school.

I realize this now because hindsight is pretty 20/20. So this is a public apology. To my friends who I may have alienated because I... I dunno. Maybe more so to those who I went to church with, led worship sessions with, prayed and led Bible studies with. I apologize for playing Perfect(tm). And if that soured our relationship, then I am so. freakin. sorry.

You know what's hard? Balancing the need to scream I'M MESSED UP TOO with the desire for FORWARD MOVEMENT, not away but TOWARD GOD, _together_. Ain't that community?

Then I think my big issue right now is... I begin by apologizing for pompousness, but (hey IV community) I want us to move forward into the men and women that God's called us to be. No compromise, PLEASE. But what the freak, I just lost all ability or guts to call my friends out because of this Christian Persona(tm) and the Prideful Idiot I Still Am.

God, this is so futile. I don't know how to do this. Heck, I am at a place where I don't even know how to pray for this. Break the catch. I don't know where to start. Please.

Like Jesus right? Let's live out Life and an unexplainable love. It's so simple, but we need to ask God for it... straight from the source. Amen? Who's with me?

------------------------------------------

Christmas break. I'm shooting hoops with Gabe Tseng at Calabazas Park. He busts out a theology lesson as he grabs a rebound from the seven foot rim.

"You know, loving God's not that much different from loving a girl." He passes me the ball.

I'm interested. "Naw, how so?" I shoot, brick. It's the lowered rim.

He steps up to the elbow of the key and drives in. "Look, you spend constant time with the girl, you need honesty with the other party, and --- oof!" (He tries to dunk, it clangs off the rim and the chain rattles) "--- it involves being in touch with your feelings. Intimacy, man"

I grab the ball (it is so underinflated it thunks against the court) and pull up for a fadeaway jumper. "So we're learning to be sensitive guys huh? Girls like that." Brick, freakin ball.

He laughs. "Yeah, but one's gonna take priority over the other." He doesn't elaborate.

--------------------------------------

Caught myself feeling the same way today, unintentionally coming across some sappy fiction (dangit). And I realized that same call and need for intimacy is the one that so easily gets filled by another person. No, this is not a bitter post. This is an acknowledgment of the longing (and I've heard it described, the "burning" -- haha) and how deep it cuts. And it's also a post saying, before g1rl fills that up, I need to learn how G-d does.
