---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2006-12-12 11:46:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: avenues
title: Avenues
wordpress_id: 688
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
---

This semester I've been slowly (and quietly) piecing together a list of options that I'm considering for my near future. I realize that telling people that "I'm praying about it" might be true, but I need to be taking some practical steps to narrow my focus.  
  
Grad School: Okay, so my parents are pushing me down this path, but I'd say as of now the likelihood of it is pretty small (subject to rapid change).  
1. CS: I don't know, doing something hardcore, or at least just hard.  
2. Information: Actually, (the idea of) this kind of excites me (see: Berkeley's [iSchool](http://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/)). Managing, visualizing, indexing, harnessing information in the connected world.  
3. HCI: focusing on user-centered computing. Okay, so CS160, although I complained about it a lot, was actually enjoyable. And super exciting because it cross-pollinated with my sociology research methods course. I don't think I'd mind doing some high-level research, much like how a friend of mine is researching with the [Berkeley Institute of Design](http://bid.berkeley.edu/) doing human-centered computing.  
4. Art school: okay, this has actually warranted nothing but a passing thought (side note: in HS I actually somewhat considered applying to an art school).  
  
Job Options: This may be more likely to happen in the near future.  
1. HCI/UI/UX: in the software industry, user interface design and implementation actually accounts for about 50%, if not more, of the total work put into a product. Interface engineers are becoming more and more important as applications become more prevalent in the 21st century.  
2. Software engineering: Code monkey. The scale of this field is ginormous, from  end-user applications to huge enterprise apps.  
3. Web design/development/engineering: FAQQLY was my first serious foray into the web development/engineering world. I love it. I seriously do. All "Web 2.0" buzzwords aside, things that excite me about webdev are the emergence of [services](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_service) and the relatively undiscovered social applications of the Net.   
4. Graphic/New Media designer: Working with art, design, illustration,
type, photography, motion, potentially 3D. Less code, more pretty. I actually wanted to do this right out of HS, but these days I'm seeing it more of a hobby. Hopefully over winter break I can get some new stuff done here.  
5. Advertising agency: haha putting this out there for fun, but what if the mass comm major actually counted for something?  
  
----  
  
I'm done coding for the semester. Final count: 170+ hours on 162 project, ~70 hours on 160 project. My poor eyeballs.  

