---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2006-11-30 19:19:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: '683'
title: No Content Found
wordpress_id: 685
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
---

Thank you, all of you. It was after large group maybe three weeks ago, when we all went to the Asian Ghetto to grab some grub. I spotted Mike at the corner and after talking for a bit, we went to get a chicken plate from Mandarin House (he hadn't eaten most for much of the day).  
  
But he was staggering--looking distracted, unfocused and complaining of arm pains. "It's worse than it usually is," he told me. He couldn't eat as he was clenching his left forearm every couple of seconds or so.  
  
I asked him if he wanted to go to the hospital. He had to pause and think for a few minutes--"Naw, man, you got things to do tonight. I'll go later tonight." I had to insist.  
  
Now here's where I am thankful. I didn't have a car, but Justin was there in the court and went to get his car and drive. And the rest of you--a group of about six--just simply came walking out of the court and simply asked, "Mike, can we pray for you?"  
  
That really moved me, guys. You all layed hands on him and prayed. And that moment I had a realization that this is the kingdom of God, coming down to earth at this moment. We were praying--Mike, you, me--; with simple faith & in the able healing hands of our Father.  
  
Justin pulls up and we head off to Highland Hospital. Mike heads straight into the ER (the staff know him there) and we head home.  
  
I found Mike the next day. "They'd given me the wrong medication last time, Drew," he tells me. "They forgot my iron pills." He shows me the papers. "They renewed my Medicare too. My prescription's good for another six months."  
  
"Your friends showed me love last night, Drew. Kept me going."  
  
---  
  
Fast forward three weeks to tonight, and I see Mike again on the street (only this time I'm a little ashamed to approach him -- the past three weeks I've been too busy to see him). He eyes me (I suppose he's trying to make out my face in the darkness) and we slap palms. "How you doin', Drew? How was your Thanksgiving?" I mumble some sort of excuse.  
  
Mike gets excited, his voice rising and quickening. "There was this guy messin' the place up last night. Big guy, young." Mike is gesturing at his shoulders, indicating the breadth of this man's shoulders. "A Cal student. He came in here six o'clock in the morning on Monday and starting kicking things over. Tables, trays, everything, making a mess. He went in that place--(gesturing at the Yokohama Station restaurant)--messed up the place then went to the next place and started kicking things over too. Tried to take out a window or two. I heard about it and came out here the next day at 6AM and waited for him. He didn't come."  
  
Mike sits down on an overturned paint can, pulls his hood tighter over his head and continues:  
  
"Yesterday he comes back again, 12:30 noon when everybody's here. He walks back into Yokohama Station and starts beating up the Chinese guy and his wife. You could here it from way out here, 'stop it! stop it!'. I run in there and go 'hey what you doin' man?' The guy's throwing around chairs and tea cups and salt and pepper shakers. He's socking the Chinese guy in the face, and everybody's screaming from way out here." Mike stands up and acts it out: "I throw the guy down--boom!--and he's down and he tries to get up again, so I pull his legs out from under him and the Chinese guy and me, we hold him down. I look him in the face and I recognize him -- he used to come and put change in my cup. Tell him 'I can't believe it's you.'"  
  
I pick up my jaw from the floor. "That happened yesterday?"  
  
"Yeah, yesterday. Now everybody loves me. They tell me, 'you did a good thing, Mike.' Cops take the guy to jail--tell me he say he'll be back. But whoo, everybody loves me now. The lady make me some broccoli beef yesterday and tonight."  
  
I can't help but smile.  
  
"And you know what -- I got approved for disability--they tell me to just wait a while, be patient, but it's coming. I don't need a lawyer no more. Got a bunch of people ahead of me in line, but that check be coming soon. Gonna get me off these streets."  
  
I mumble something like a "wow." Cuz I'm seriously amazed. God, you're providing. You're doing it. Wow.  
  
---  
  
(Does anybody have a pair of men's gloves? Mike's asked for a pair cuz it gets cold at night. Let me know if you have one, thanks)  

