---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2007-02-23 00:03:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: an-update
title: An update
wordpress_id: 712
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
- God
- Life
tags:
- God
- Life
- my-life-is-a-comedy
---

Okay, time to let it out again.

I haven't stopped long enough to process how I've been, but here off the top of my head, I've been well. Really. Getting full chunks of shut-eye, fully rested from my month-long bout with the cold and staying afloat in my classes.

This semester has been a different one. Turning twenty-one had a little to do with it, but I sense more of it has come with a slow realization of who I am, a sort of painful self-awareness that I'm... arriving. Contrary to my initial suspicions, it's actually a good feeling.

(Admission: After getting over the shock of a month's worth of facial hair, I think it's growing on me, pun intended.)

I know I'm asking the wrong question but--When do you give up on a friend living without hope? I want to show him; shake him out of it, do anything that will revive him. Maybe that's his personality, maybe I'm just naive. Regardless, it'll be a matter of time before the numbness sets in (man, this is super-cynical).

Romans is pretty much blowing me away. Paul lays it out raw. I can imagine the apostle pacing in a room, drafting his thoughts in his head. Look, he is trying to form the right words, can you understand peace? The thought is overwhelming. At the apex of our God-hatred, he died so that we may have peace. Peace, undeserved, is merciful, extravagant favor. The apostle hears his heart beating to the humble, Kingly beauty of it all.

Her name was Irene. We were in third grade. It was lunchtime in March, and she was my handball partner. She laid down this amazing skimmer and I couldn't stop thinking about her until at least after social studies.
