---
author: andrewhao
comments: true
date: 2009-01-29 02:05:53+00:00
layout: post
slug: turning-23
title: Turning 23
wordpress_id: 961
categories:
- Andrew 2.0
- Life
tags:
- beginnings
- birthday
- endings
- fears
- reflections
- thoughts
---

**Thanks,** everybody who wished me at happy 23rd birthday. It was pretty swell :) I think it meant a lot to me especially as I'm going through this strange, loopy transition period in my life. There's just been so much change in my life I've been hesitant to write about it because it somehow doesn't seem right to put it to paper until it's been all done and sorted through. Well, today I realized that that day won't be coming for a long while... and it's time to start reflecting.

**22 was a year of endings**--As I said goodbye to several close friends and finished my last final, as I left a community I loved and as I said goodbye to my parents as they moved to Shanghai, I realized that I was mourning. As much as I like to say that I anticipate growing up and moving forward, I'm only starting to come to terms with the part of me that wants to cling onto the past.

Things are changing. I'm [taking off for Botswana](http://sarahlam.andrewhao.com/botswana2009) in week. When I get back, I'll be starting a new job. I'm going to have to start looking for housing in SF or the East Bay. I've been in between churches and communities and friends for far too long. I'm in this weird in-between state between kid and adult, and I've never felt more lost.

**23 will be a year of formation**--I'm talking more in terms of vision, disciplines, habits and character. I'm anticipating that in this liminal state I'm going to find opportunities to have my vision sharpened, my character tested, my habits and disciplines proven in the furnace of this hazy post-college life. It sounds lofty, but let me tell you, the challenge has me quaking in my proverbial boots.

**In the meantime**, I'm being reminded of the things that _have_ been constant in my life: the love of my family, deepening friendships with old buddies, a _super _sweet girlfriend who never lets me forget the promises of a good Father in my life, and the gentle heart of the Father himself.
